Indonesia, also known as the Unitary State of the Republic of Indonesia; or in short the Republic of Indonesia is a country in Southeast Asia which is crossed by the equator and is located between mainland Asia and Oceania, as well as between the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean.
Indonesia is the largest archipelagic country in the world consisting of 17,504 islands. The alternative name commonly used is Nusantara. With a population of 270,203,917 in 2020,
Indonesia is the fourth most populous country in the world and the most populous Muslim country in the world, with more than 230 million adherents.
The form of the Indonesian state is a unitary state and the form of government of Indonesia is a republic, with the House of Representatives, Regional Representatives Council and the President directly elected.
The capital city of Indonesia is Jakarta. Indonesia is bordered by Malaysia on the islands of Borneo and Sebatik Island, with Papua New Guinea on the island of Papua and with Timor Leste on the island of Timor. Other neighboring countries are Singapore, the Philippines, Australia, and the union territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in India.
Indonesia's history is heavily influenced by other nations. The Indonesian archipelago has been an important trading area since the 7th century, namely since the establishment of the Srivijaya Kingdom, a Hindu-Buddhist empire based in Palembang. The Srivijaya Kingdom established religious and trade relations with China and India, as well as with the Arabs. Hindu and/or Buddhist kingdoms began to grow in the early 4th century to the 13th century AD, followed by actors and scholars from the Arabian Peninsula who brought Islam around the 8th century to the 16th century, as well as the arrival of the Muslim nation.
Europe at the end of the 15th century who knew each other to monopolize the Maluku spice trade during the era of the oceans. After being under Dutch pressure for almost 3 centuries, Indonesia, known as the Dutch East Indies, declared its independence at the end of World War II, on August 17, 1945 to be exact.
Furthermore, Indonesia faced various challenges and serious problems, ranging from frequent natural disasters, corrupt practices that massive, social conflicts, separatist movements, democratization processes, and periods of development, socio-economic-political change and development, as well as rapid modernization.
